Show how to support powerline glyphs in the VS Code terminal (#143)
MicrosoftDocs/terminal: TerminalDocs/tutorials/powerline-setup.md

    "hidden": false
},
```
> [!TIP]

> > If you want to support Powerline glyphs in the VS Code terminal, you can add `"terminal.integrated.fontFamily": "Cascadia Code PL"` to your VS Code's settings.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you also use the integrated terminal in Visual Studio Code, you should add `"terminal.integrated.fontFamily": "Cascadia Code PL"` to your Visual Studio Code settings to make sure Powerline works there, too.
```

What do you think about this wording?

Author: That's better
